Coding scheme	Explanation
Charity loss I can inflict	Code refers to a participant who wants charity to lose money. 
Charity loss others can inflict	Participant reflects how other players can inflict monetary loss for charity.
Amount others will offer	Amount of money other players were willing to stake was reflected by participant in his own offers.
Number of correct responses by others in the AFTER version	Amount of correct responses from players in the AFTER version of the task was considered by the participant.
Preffered version	Code refers to a participants preference for (such as entertainment or ease) when selecting a verision.
Influence over final sum	Participant stated that their goal is to make money or maximize earnings. 
Influence over final loss for charity	Participant did not want charity to lose money. 
Want to win	Motivation to win a version by the participant.
Want to outperform the others	Motivation to outperform other players.
Calculation	Participants provided some calculation on their winnings or selecting the best version.
Random	Participants decided randomly or relied on a random chance. 
Honest play	Code reflects statement that participant wanted to play honestly. 
Risk assessment	Participants considered risk asssociated with their choices.
Refusal to pay	Code reflects that a participants did not want to pay any fee.
Wanted to try AFTER version	This code refers to a participant expressing that they wanted to try the AFTER version.
Strategy	Participant shared a strategy they had on outbiding the others or how to approach the task in a strategic way. 
Increasing loss of others	This code reflects participants wish to inflict higher costs on other players. 
Experience with the task	Code refers to a participants experience with the task and their reflection on how different rounds affected their decisions or strategy.
Intuition	Participants provided that they decided based on intuition or a feeling.
No information	There was no meaningful answer that could be coded.
does not want AFTER	This label refers to a players statement, that they do not want to play the AFTER version of the task.
charity loss considered but not reflected	Participants reflected that their behaviors cause charity money but they did not consider charity in their choices.